[Music]
you know it seems like smartphones can
do it all these days but they can't turn
themselves into a mounted TV or erase
scratches on the screen with a household
ingredient you use everyday that's where
you'll need some smart tips like these
try using a lens from a laser pointer to
get ultra sharp macro photos put the
laser lens in the open end of a bobby
pin place it over your back camera and
tape the pin in place here's a good one
next time you'll want to watch movies on
your smartphone use your glasses as a
stand fold them up and lay them upside
down on a surface your phone will rest
securely in the earpieces and the lenses
will keep it propped up or if you're
more into DIY projects take a cup cut a
hole in the side and set your phone down
in it just don't forget to make little
tabs to hold it in place at the bottom
like this now let's keep that charger
cord from breaking take a spring out of
a clicking pen and wrap it around the
end of the cable close to the port this
is the vulnerable part that bends the
most and is prone to tearing the spring
we'll stop that stop that sorry just
flashing back to what my mom used to
tell me cut long power cords lying
around getting tangled up and making a
mess well grab a pencil fix one side of
the cord to it with a binder clip wrap
the cable tightly around the pencil and
fix the other end with another clip heat
it up a bit with a hairdryer remove the
clips and now you have a curly
space-saving cord binder clips are also
great for organizing the cords around
your work specs simply put the wires
through the clips handles and fix it to
your desk it works best and looks cooler
if all the clips are different colors
now you know where each cord is they
won't fall on the floor or get tangled
up together grab another one of those
big binder clips and three hair ties to
make your own phone mount for the car
first step of prep take the rubber band
out of two of the
hair ties you'll need the outer lacing
next take the clip handles off and put
an outer lacing on each one last step
put the handles back on the clip and tie
the third hair tie around both of them
in the middle now you can secure the
binder clip into your AC vent and slide
your phone into the clip handles the
Leasing gives it a better grip make an
armband to hold your smartphone while
you're out on a jog or just walking
around town and you want your hands-free
cut the stretchy part off the end of an
old crew side put it around your arm
slide the phone in and fold it nice and
secure an oldie but a goodie put your
phone in a drinking glass to amplify the
sound now the quality won't be the best
so it's not great for listening to music
or watching videos but it's a useful tip
for when you get a barely audible voice
message or you can take a toilet paper
tube and cut a hole in one of its sides
precisely the size of your smartphone
then stick your phone speaker end in it
the sound will be much louder and it'll
have a stereo effect you can make a
quick DIY lamp to set a plastic water
bottle on the flashlight and it'll light
up the whole nearby radius it's also
nice because it tones down those two
bright flashlights on most phones a
must-have for a rainy day or if you like
leaving your phone on the bathroom
counter as you take a steamy shower
waterproof your device by putting it in
a small Ziploc baggie it's also handy
for the beach and outdoor hikes the
baggie will keep sand and dirt out well
you have your sandwich baggies nearby
use another one to turn your phone into
a mounted TV stick it to the wall with
something like poster putty or duct tape
now you can watch your videos in bed
without having to hold the phone or
dealing with it constantly falling over
when you try to stand it on the mattress
take it to the next level and make a
full-on projector for movie night with
your friends you'll need a big
magnifying glass for reading a
box loads of duct tape and your phone of
course cut a hole in one side of the box
a little smaller than your magnifying
glass stick the lens to it with duct
tape and make a duct tape pocket for
your phone on the other side of the box
put your phone in this pocket and start
the video the lens will magnify the
image from your screen it's not the best
quality but it works in a pinch here's
what I like while traveling use your
smart phone case as a secret wallet that
way you'll never be stranded without
some cash unless you lose your phone
when your screen gets all greasy from
constant swiping and tapping wipe it
with some shaving foam you can also use
a cotton ball with a little hydrogen
peroxide on it just don't use too much
as for those tiny scratches rub a bit of
toothpaste on them wipe it clean and the
scratches will be much less visible by
the way if you have an old toothbrush
lying around you can use it to clean all
your phone's ports those tend to collect
dirt dust and lint which is then hard to
get out toothbrushes are designed to get
into those types of nooks and crannies
and teeth so it'll do the trick here too
be sure to get one with soft gentle
bristles forget about those special
gloves that let you use your touchscreen
in the winter all you need is a small
copper wire you can find one in any old
headphone wires simply remove the outer
rubbery cover put this copper wire
through the cloth in the gloves
fingertip and your screen will react to
your touch use your front camera not
only for selfies the feature that makes
your skin look so perfect also works
great with other objects besides your
face just flip the phone and take a pic
of something else with it this dreamy
smooth feel will still be there and you
know how every app now features one main
color in its icon that's the key to
organize them put them in order from red
to violet like in the rain ball it'll
help you find the app you need faster
and your menu will look so much cooler
hey if you learn something new today
then give the video a like and share
with a friend here's some other great
videos I know you'll enjoy just click to
the left or right and remember stay on
the bright side of life